Build graph intro (#4)
greenelab/knowledge-graph-review: content/03.text-mining.md

## Building Biomedical Knowledge Graphs

Constructing a knowledge graph involves the process of using multiple databases as reference points to establish entities (nodes) and the relationships between them (edges).
These databases are constructed by domain experts using approaches ranging from manual curation to automated techniques, such as text mining systems.
Manual curation is a process that involves extensive use of domain experts to read papers and detect sentences that assert a relationship.
Automated approaches involve the use of machine learning or natural language processing techniques to rapidly detect sentences of interest.
We categorize these automated approaches into the following groups: rule-based extraction, unsupervised machine learning, and supervised machine learning.

> In this section we discuss examples of each type of approach and synthesize the strengths and weaknesses of each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We discuss examples of each type of approach and synthesize the strengths and weaknesses of each.
```

## Building Biomedical Knowledge Graphs

> Constructing a knowledge graph involves the process of using multiple databases as reference points to establish entities (nodes) and the relationships between them (edges).

Reviewer: I think you also mentioned that text mining might be used, but this sentence doesn't indicate it. Unless you're saying text mining -> databases -> knowledge graph. However, I don't think this aligns with line 7.

Reviewer: I think this comment still applies to the current version - is it _necessary_ to construct a database first and to then combine these into a knowledge graph? Are there any examples of knowledge graphs constructed without the database step? Could one use text mining and skip the database?

These databases are constructed by domain experts using approaches ranging from manual curation to automated techniques, such as text mining systems.
Manual curation is a process that involves domain experts reading papers and identifying sentences that assert a relationship.

> This approach provides relatively accurate results [@doi:10.1038/nmeth1209-860; @doi:10.1038/nmeth.1284; @doi:10.1093/database/bau058], but comes with a significant amount of limitations [@doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/btm229].

Reviewer: I imagine you are going to discuss these limitations more in the section below?

Do you want to use terms like precision and recall? I worry a bit about "accurate." I think you're using it in place of precision. A reader might not automatically assume precision though: I actually can't tell for 100% sure that this is what you mean.

Reviewer: Actually, do you want to just offload this to the subsection below? You don't go into this much detail for the other techniques.

Reviewer: I meant offload this specific sentence. It looks like you removed the other parts of this as well, which were useful.

Besides curation, experts have used automated approaches to populate databases [@doi:10.1093/database/bas020].
These approaches involve the use of machine learning or natural language processing techniques to detect relevant sentences.
These approaches are categorized into the following groups: rule-based extraction, unsupervised machine learning, and supervised machine learning.

> The rest of this section discusses the positives and negatives of using the above approaches to construct databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we discuss examples of each type of approach and synthesize the strengths and weaknesses of each.
```
